[Autogenerated] All right.
Welcome back.
Now.
We just got done discussing the AWS storage classes that are offered to us.
Now the next thing we're going to look into is version ing.
So let me open up my demo one bucket here and I'm
actually going to go to the property screen.
And you can see we actually have version ing as one of the options.
So let me select this, and I'm going to enable version ing.
So once I save this,
we now are going to have multiple versions of an object in the same bucket.
Now,
what this means is that if I go ahead and upload or
overwrite this existing object, we're going to have two versions.
So let me go and do that now.
Okay,
so I've updated it just now and really quick noticed that the
storage class has now gone to standard with this new object because
I uploaded it with the default settings.
So it used to be one zone infrequently accessed.
But now it's standard.
And if we want to, we can actually show the versions using this toggle appears.
So let me click on show and there we go.
We can see the latest version, which is the one I uploaded.
And then the original version that was uploaded just a few minutes before.
And you can see over here on the right that our
storage classes have been identified.
__________.
Now, a nifty feature here.
If I go back and I hide these versions,
if I go ahead and select this and delete it,
that also creates a new version.
It just creates a delete marker.
So let me delete this file and let me go to show versions.
And there you go.
We can see we have a delete marker.
So if I wanted to, this allows us to go ahead and restore our file.
So what I would do is select this delete marker.
I goto actions, and I would actually go and delete the actual delete marker.
So when I do that here, if I go back to the main screen,
we now have our object restored.
So this is a way to essentially protect your files from
getting truly erased and over written.
Now,
an important thing to keep in mind here is that you are
paying for each version within this bucket.
So in this case I'm paying for an object,
which is this current version that's in standard storage class.
And then I'm also paying for the original version that's in one's own,
infrequently accessed.
So I'm getting billed for two objects because it's two versions right now.
Now that's gonna do it for this clip on version ing and s three.
I'll see you in the next one where we're going to start diving into encryption within our S three buckets.